 
High tech world where 1% have everything and the rest have day to day struggles
Corperations vs little men
Mysteries (Girl dies, pc investigates etc.)
Hacking
Virtual reality day to day implementation
Serious augmented reality
Dark, wet, neon, urban tones
Massive(?) urban city(Concrete jungle)
Rebel resistance
Certain guilds in city

CyberPunk city looks good to general public, but with massive corruption

Virtual reality is similar to NET in cyberpunk red

Use DND 5e core rules + modified with technomancers textbook
THEN Modify even more using cyberpunk RED/2020 and look at systems implemented in there (Vehicles, combat, NETRunning/VoidDump, Trauma care/health, cybernetics? )

In the year 19XX, the city of New Zralo and its streets are jam pack filled with rebels. The current government, communism, has exploited its civilians for too long. After the rebels take over, New Zralo becomes a Strategic city for a world war. With soldiers and mercienaries living in the streets for multiple years, the poor stayed inside for fear of death while the rich hired the mercienaries and got richer(Corperate). Leading to a massive wealth gap and perhaps more corruption?

After the war, the city is essentially deserted. Since soldiers were constantly in the streets, the police force is basically 0, and some police men are butchered out on the street for a message. The streets are plauged with crime, deeply rooting into the city(yakuza)

With many of childrens parents becoming abusive, due to yakuza,Many children ranaway and some started a group Hotel to take in more runaway children. Having not gotten a running start they are growing in number every day with their main philosiphy being around family

After the children left many parents became homeless, losing their jobs as tech become more advanced. Now in New Zralo their is a underground network of homeless people, Gathering information around every corner

Gangs
Yakuza people
Hotel(Runaway fam)
Corperate
Homeless
The four/Worshipers
Tech enthusiests

