	Zralgo was a important strategic city for the country of Jewel. Declaring independance after the Sentient Robot Crisis S.R.C they became self sufficient soon after, working with androids to make the city a stronghold that could produce just about anything by itself.

	Cybernetics started getting developed here and being implemented into high forms of government in order to enhance their brain capacity too make robotic ones. With augmented limbs being commonplace out in the battlefield and in the government with some projects creating digital copies of real people.

	A human resistance group ,enslaved by robots, stumbles into an underground buner by chance, and finds out that in this bunker is a way to kill all robotic life on earth. What they dont know is that cybernetics, infastructure, etc. also go out with the robots. With anyone with cybernetics instantly killed.
	
	After Shutdown Sequence Signal (SSS), almost all forms of government have been eliminated. With the general public, corporate, and mafia still alive on Zralgo. The mafia take almost immiedate leadership as they were most equipped without technology and had orginization. In this time the streets of Zralgo were plauged with insane criminals, deadly biker gangs, and citizens trying to recover what was lost.

	Fynth, CEO of Nilhielm, has been working behind the scenes in order to gain a following to uprise against Mafia leadership. Promising rebuild, growth, and security throughout the entire town through a 5 year plan. He does manage to overturn the Mafia, dismantling them into several gangs, and became mayor of Zralgo.

	The 5 year plan brought the dam back online and reparied the bridges for use. This brought back electricitty, water, and access  to the whole island. This also brought power to Nilhielm, with Fynth using his power to create watch stones throughout the city.

	After the 5 year plan, Fynth dies and his son Tveal (Fynth II) decides not to pursue his fathers career. Instead he becomes a junkie and spends his fathers wealth, but is still CEO of Nilhielm. Living on the coast while Nilhielm runs without him

	After Fynth, the decision of mayor came into question. Lewis Uiel sees this, and starts making stronger ties in his familial group (Old Mafia) and rigs the election to his favor. When Lewis is declarred mayor.
	

	Lewis is a firm and ruthless leader. He is not afraid to use violence to get things done, and knows how to run orginized crime. His biggest advantage though is his deception skills, being able to convince the citizens that all he has ever done was for the people. Almost always wears a suit/

	Mafia group - Fragmented
	TechnoMancers - Secret Society of old wizads who adapted to the high tech life. Modifying themselves in the process. Group of pre ware wizards founded this group and developed MindMelding. Current TechnoMancer dont understand what happened with SSS. However, know about underground bunkers.
	Corporate - Powerful stronghold on the coast, with ownership of the dockyards, most industrial zones, and most Office jobs. Has largest amount of workers.
	Gun/Vehicle nuts - Live in industrial zones, endlesslly researching as their hobby. Multiple different groups.

	
	Zones
	Industrial - Car, gun, ships, etc. plants. Very dense, designed to be able to switch to almost any products, and almost fully robotized. Nuclear power plant, exploded after shutdown, large radius irradiated.
	Dockyard/Research - Used by the government to produce ships while also developing military research, Tunnels that lead to underground bunkers stretch from here. Corp Owned. Only 30% of researchers still alive.
	Underground Zralgo - Built hastly incase of nuclear warfare, tunnels lead to underground bunkers from there.
	Dam - A huge dam, collecting power from 3 rivers into one, generating a large amount of power while also filtering water and storing it.
	Bridges - Some bridges are declared in a cities honor and look super badass.
	Rivers - Not drinkable water.
	Domestics - Place where people live, zone out downtown and city


	Lewis Dictatorship
	Lewis gets contacted from the outside world, which have been rebuilding, and offer to trade. Lewis at first accepts the request and invites some into their city. When they arrive in the city however, their life becomes a living hell. With Lewis declaring that the outsiders are thieves and murderers. Lewis then started a massive media campaign, essientially creating all media in the city. And giving citizens free handouts that bended them more to his will. For example, giving tvs so that they can watch him, or VR sets so that they can absorb his messages more. 

	Lewis brings the industrial zone under his rule and is able to to get the whole zone back up and running, producing massive amounts of smog, and requiring citizens to start wearing masks and always take specialized umbrellas (Damaging rain). Stating that outsiders have chosen to gas us into our deaths, Seeing the massive might of out industry.

 	Lewis uses the industrial zone to produce guns and mind control cybernetics. He creates a small advanced task force that are cybernetically enhanced, and buys out the dockyards from Nilhielm. Using them to declare independance from outsiders and declaring a new name Valsano.
	
	Valsano life - Posionous outside air and water. Drones are used to deliver everything. VR/AR/Internet becomes stable and massive
	The citizens are starting to get more cybernetics, and use VR/AR more in their day to day life. Content with life, average newyorkian
	Valsano starts to appear more like a cyberpunk city. With neon lights and a massive storm rolling in. And more pride coming from the bridges and dam.
	
	5 year time lapse
	
	Lewis has not been sitting still, instead expanding his influence. He has increased the navy, army, and walls. Even using the drone manufacturing plant to produce killer survailance drones all throughout town. He has also built up flood walls, with a typhoon on its way before the campaign.	
	Cyber Valsano is built from Tveal . Using the watchstones his father placed around the city, he is able to create an almost accurate map. Incorperating reality with tech/enhancing reality, and AR is used outside, even as a banking system.Tveal s main focus is monopolizing Cyber Valsano however, Tveal also made a massive marketplace for the citizens of Valsano named Convienence, enabling citizens to not have to leave their home ever. 

	Zoom is developed in this time from a peace treaty between Lewis and Tveal . With Tveal nearing bankruptcy he needed Lewis's money, and Lewis needed Tveals workers for increased production. Zoom is massive video game, using AR/VR for PvP and real deaths being possible(Only some know) however, it is mostly played for fun/e-sports/money, as money/credits are earned in game and cashed in Convenience. Credits become new form of currency after wave of players (Help from Lewis).

	As Zoom rises in popularity Tveal creates a cyber force called Valsano CyberRunners, with Tyreal and his team using the watchstones to teleport/watch through town, and moderating the Cyber world.

	Tveal, at this point, is running the business successfully, while still being a major junkie he has a new found love for the cyber world. Giving himself major modifications to allow him to enter Cyber Valsano at will and travel through the watchstones.

	Lewis, at this point, is getting ready to get more power. Tveal is almost fully under his belt right now, and he is searching for a weapon underneath Tveal to fully cement his rule. If people rebel, he need not lift a finger, for the people will realize that the power he yeilds is beyond anything theyve seen before. Essentially he becomes a madman looking for a secret weapon. This secret weapon is why Valsano is self sufficent, as it acts like a heart of the city.

	The players at this point, have lived in this city for a number of years. With them discovering a "truth" and Lewis/Tveal hunting them. 
	
	
	
	Onyx royal cult? ornate jewlry with onyx or artpieces with onyx, rumors