	Zralgo was a important strategic city for the country of Jewel. Declaring independance after the Sentient Robot Crisis S.R.C they became self sufficient soon after, working with androids to make the city a stronghold that could produce just about anything by itself.

	Cybernetics started getting developed here and being implemented into high forms of government in order to enhance their brain capacity too make robotic ones. With augmented limbs being commonplace out in the battlefield and in the government with some projects creating digital copies of real people.

	A human resistance group ,enslaved by robots, stumbles into an underground buner by chance, and finds out that in this bunker is a way to kill all robotic life on earth. What they dont know is that cybernetics, infastructure, etc. also go out with the robots. With anyone with cybernetics instantly killed.
	
	After Shutdown Sequence Signal (SSS), almost all forms of government have been eliminated. With the general public, corporate, and mafia still alive on Zralgo. The mafia take almost immiedate leadership as they were most equipped without technology and had orginization. In this time the streets of Zralgo were plauged with insane criminals, deadly biker gangs, and citizens trying to recover what was lost.

	Fynth, CEO of Nilhielm, has been working behind the scenes in order to gain a following to uprise against Mafia leadership. Promising rebuild, growth, and security throughout the entire town through a 5 year plan. He does manage to overturn the Mafia, dismantling them into several gangs, and became mayor of Zralgo.

	The 5 year plan brought the dam back online and reparied the bridges for use. This brought back electricitty, water, and access  to the whole island. This also brought power to Nilhielm, with Fynth using his power to create watch stones throughout the city.

	After the 5 year plan, Fynth dies and his son Tveal (Fynth II) decides not to pursue his fathers career. Instead he becomes a junkie and spends his fathers wealth, but is still CEO of Nilhielm. Living on the coast while Nilhielm runs without him