
	
	5 year time lapse
	
	Lewis has not been sitting still, instead expanding his influence. He has increased the navy, army, and walls. Even using the drone manufacturing plant to produce killer survailance drones all throughout town. He has also built up flood walls, with a typhoon on its way before the campaign.	
	Cyber Valsano is built from Tveal . Using the watchstones his father placed around the city, he is able to create an almost accurate map. Incorperating reality with tech/enhancing reality, and AR is used outside, even as a banking system.Tveal s main focus is monopolizing Cyber Valsano however, Tveal also made a massive marketplace for the citizens of Valsano named Convienence, enabling citizens to not have to leave their home ever. 

	Zoom is developed in this time from a peace treaty between Lewis and Tveal . With Tveal nearing bankruptcy he needed Lewis's money, and Lewis needed Tveals workers for increased production. Zoom is massive video game, using AR/VR for PvP and real deaths being possible(Only some know) however, it is mostly played for fun/e-sports/money, as money/credits are earned in game and cashed in Convenience. Credits become new form of currency after wave of players (Help from Lewis).

	As Zoom rises in popularity Tveal creates a cyber force called Valsano CyberRunners, with Tyreal and his team using the watchstones to teleport/watch through town, and moderating the Cyber world.

	Tveal, at this point, is running the business successfully, while still being a major junkie he has a new found love for the cyber world. Giving himself major modifications to allow him to enter Cyber Valsano at will and travel through the watchstones.

	Lewis, at this point, is getting ready to get more power. Tveal is almost fully under his belt right now, and he is searching for a weapon underneath Tveal to fully cement his rule. If people rebel, he need not lift a finger, for the people will realize that the power he yeilds is beyond anything theyve seen before. Essentially he becomes a madman looking for a secret weapon. This secret weapon is why Valsano is self sufficent, as it acts like a heart of the city.