Major Powers in Onyx City

Government(Lewis)
	|Lewis Uiel (Head of Government) controls nearly the entire governemnt through blackmail, death threats, and cybernetics. The rule he has on Onyx is iron with his will being absolute. Lewis's goals at the start of the campaign is to cement his power for 10 more years. He realises the untapped potentials beneath Onyx, and he has created a defense for the outside while he mines underground.Also at the same time he is trying to influence the groups in the city for more power, with him currently siphoning off Nilhielm and CEO(Tveal)|
	Red Dragons(mafia)
		|The red dragons are almost completly under control of Lewis. Lewis originally gained power here and is seen as a hero of the criminal orginization. Their power mainly comes from controlling nearly the entire black market in town|
	Golden Eye(TechnoWizards)
		|The Golden Eye have been around since before SSS, with the original founder actually being in an underground bunker(AI, mayber supercomp?), since the loss of the original leader there has never been another one, instead the members stay mostly in the labratory district and stick to themselves, declaring neutrality|
	Nilhielm(corporate)
		|Originally founded by Fynth Hall, long dead, his son Fynth II, with that name being Tveals original name, he long discarded it after his father died, Tveal is looking to monopolize CyberOnyx and has created a massive VR game zoom!, which has incoorperated itself into reality, Tveal is also a massive drug addict at the start, with Lewis supplying him with newer hardcore drugs to make sure he can sweep up Nilhielm|
	Architects(gun/vehicle nuts)
		|The Architects are a loose group of engineers with the main focus of sharing information inbetween themselves, they do not desire conflict however, if stepped on they will supply their allies with massive amounts of production, currently Lewis has given them the industrial district and has them producing whatever he desires. They spend most of their time maintaining everything on the island that needs repair, with not many of them needed (due to AI automation) they have alot of time for hobbies and tinker frequently.|
	Pierce(Royal vampires?/cult)
		|A long forgotten orginization, with ties in the city that ties to its creation, they are a very small group of vampires with royal linage. They aer very skilled and very dangerous with the line starting in 1330(black plauge start), they do not cause much distress in the city, with only random murders scattering about.|


Zones in Onyx City


	Red Gram(Industrial)
		|The industrial district is nearly the heart of the city, being able to switch between productions on the fly and is automated, however the sheer productivity of it has poisened the entire city with smog, with outside air and water not safe to breath or contact with skin.|
	Urban Apartment Complexes
		|These complexes can hold millions of people(10 mill?), the rooms arent big or lavish, however they are for the general public and are very affordable(with Cost Reduction Programs), with some of the district reserved for the homeless?. |
	Aalborg Shipyard
		|The shipyard before SSS was used as a military ship production line, Now it has grown 3 times in size. With almost anyship being designed -> sailed in less than a months time. Lewis has invested into the shipyard as it keeps the outsiders off the island, and the citizens in.|
	Onyx Labratories
		|Most of the Golden Eye stay here, with their member count being sort of small they only take up about 25% of the total labratories, with Lewis and Tveals researches taking up the rest of the space, the mostly work together though, which has made the Labratories sort of a neutral zone.|
	The Red Rooms
		|There are a total of 5 underground bunkers in Onyx, each are sort of like a time capsule, With high grade miltary tech/blueprints, and each with Sentient Ai (Some insane?). 
There is also a underground city underneath Onyx, with all the ammenities to survive 500 years with 50000 people, however it was never completed. Some people live in the underground city however, alot of people use it as a criminal activity hub |
	Gallanberg Dam
		|The dam is almost like a secondary heart to the city. It generates massive amounts of power that runs the whole city and then some, you will see the architects doing random maintaince or training new recruits|
	Scirin Nuclear Power Plant
		|The nuclear plant is also a neutral zone naturally, with it being maintaned by a select group of Architects, and new recruits (sorcerors) being highly valuable to them (kidnapping), The power plant is not needed to run, however the energy it produces lets Lewis full power the industry and dockyards at the same time.|
	Bridges
		|
		Each bridge has its own purpose/folklore with it. And many citizens take pride in the bridges as it represents connections
		The Silver Overpass
			|This is the largest bridge of the city and the most traveled, |
		Big Cay Overpass
			|This bridge is actually popular with many fisherman, with many deeming it a requirement to fish at least once in the city for good luck|
		Nottingterre Bridge
			|A very old bridge, however, has been refurbished for cars. Alot of the citizens take pride in this bridge alone, as it has been there since theyve been born|
		Elline Bridge
			|Second least traveled, belevied to also be haunted, with a little girl doing the haunting. She is relatvily harmless, however, no children should pass as she will take them into her plane of existance |
		Bare Footbridge
			|Least traveled, and believed to be haunted, with the bridge constructed during a slave revolution, and to cross it with good luck you must go barefoot|
		|
	Rivers
		|
		Red River
			|The Red River is named after the Red Dragon group. With the Red Dragon having many night time districts on its banks|
		Monthirst River
			|The Monthirst River got its name from Pierce, with corpses appearing withered near its banks. Old residential districts on its banks?|
		Crystal Canal
			|
			This canal, as the name implies, is crystal clear. Being magically enchanted to always be safe to drink. However its runoff is not so nice as the canal
			Whispering Brook
				|The whispiring brook is the offset to having magically enchanted water. Its banks always have a heavy fog, and the dead can commonly be seen here. If you dip into its waters you will be transported into another plane of existance.|
			|
		|

